Improve nRF Cloud library and sample user experience (#17635)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Added the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AT_SHELL_UNESCAPE_LF` Kconfig option to enable reception of multiline AT commands.
  * Updated the :c:func:`at_shell` function to replace ``\n`` with ``<CR><LF>`` if :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AT_SHELL_UNESCAPE_LF` is enabled.

* :ref:`modem_key_mgmt` library:

>   * Updated the modem_key_mgmt_read() function to return the actual size buffer required to read the certificate if the size provided is too small.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Updated the :c:func:`modem_key_mgmt_read()` function to return the actual size buffer required to read the certificate if the size provided is too small.
```

    * To use nRF Cloud's custom MQTT topics instead of the default AWS topics.
    * MQTT and CoAP transports to use a single unified DNS lookup mechanism that supports IPv4 and IPv6, fallback to IPv4, and handling of multiple addresses returned by :c:func:`getaddrinfo`.
    * The log module in the :file:`nrf_cloud_fota_common.c` file from ``NRF_CLOUD`` to ``NRF_CLOUD_FOTA``.
    * The :c:func:`nrf_cloud_credentials_configured_check` function to retrieve the size of the root CA, and compare it to thresholds to decide whether the CoAP, AWS, or both root CA certs are present.

>       Use this information to log helpful information and decide whether the root CA cert(s) are compatible with the configured connection type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Use this information to log helpful information and decide whether the root CA certificates are compatible with the configured connection type.
```
